Add-back `TextField` docs (#1341)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/TextField.md

Reviewer: The modifications section should mention that the floating label was removed.

Author: [Mention floating label](https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1341/commits/f3da9ed11bf51ca4c16143feefbafcb6cb612bd7)

| Predefined option selection                                  | ❌                                 | ❌                                                       | ✅                                       |
| Search input with suggestions                                | ❌                                 | ❌                                                       | ✅                                       |

## Examples

### Sizes

- **Small:** Use in compact interfaces where space is limited.
- **Medium:** Default size, suitable for most use cases.

::example{src="mui/TextField.sizes"}

### Icon

An [**Icon**](/components/icon) can be displayed before or after the **TextField’s** input using the `startAdornment` or `endAdornment` props.

::example{src="mui/TextField.icon"}

### Error

Use the `error` prop to display the `helperText` in an error state. Consider adding a visually hidden "Error:" prefix to the `helperText` if the error message is not clear on its own.

::example{src="mui/TextField.error" min-height="200px"}

### Multiline

> Set the `multiline` prop to render a standard HTML [`<textarea>` element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/textarea).

Reviewer: The `multiline` prop has some surprising behavior that differs from the standard `<textarea>` behavior. We should explicitly call out the auto-resizing behavior.

```suggestion
Use the [`multiline`](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/input/#input-prop-multiline) prop to make it a [`<textarea>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/textarea). The underlying implementation uses MUI's [`TextareaAutosize`](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/textarea-autosize/) component, which automatically expands based on the number of lines entered by the user.
```

::example{src="mui/TextField.multiline" min-height="200px"}

## ✅ Do

- Use descriptive labels and helpful error messages.

> - Use the `placeholder` attribute for examples or hints, not for essential instructions.

Reviewer: I would remove this from "Do". A textField without `placeholder` is more accessible and usable. Recommend reading: https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/06/placeholder-attribute/

Can be moved under "Don't" as "Don't use the `placeholder` attribute for essential instructions".

Author: [Move placeholder to don't](https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1341/commits/c95b2df950b865d04c346b9c3d382d4d1bbb4199)

| Predefined option selection (many options)                   | ❌                                 | ❌                                                       | ✅                           | ❌                          | ❌                           |
| Predefined option selection (few options)                    | ❌                                 | ❌                                                       | ❌                           | ✅                          | ❌                           |
| Changing application state                                   | ❌                                 | ❌                                                       | ❌                           | ❌                          | ✅                           |

## Examples

### Sizes

- **Small:** Use in compact interfaces where space is limited.
- **Medium:** Default size, suitable for most use cases.

::example{src="mui/TextField.sizes"}

### Icon

An [**Icon**](/components/icon) can be displayed before or after the **TextField’s** input using the `startAdornment` or `endAdornment` props.

::example{src="mui/TextField.icon"}

### Error

> Use the `error` prop to display the `helperText` in an error state. Consider adding a visually hidden "Error:" prefix to the `helperText` if the error message is not clear on its own.

Reviewer 2: We automatically place an error icon. They don't need to, nor should they, add their own error icon.

::example{src="mui/TextField.error" min-height="200px"}

### Multiline

> Set the `multiline` prop to render a standard HTML [`<textarea>` element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/textarea).

Author: Do we think these should be mentioned? I'd prefer a code-suggestion for doc improvements.
https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1341#discussion_r3060722915

## 🚫 Don’t

> - Don’t omit a label.

Reviewer: The `'` vs `’` is interesting. Since it gets normalized either way, we could just use `'` everywhere? It's easier to type.

Author: Agreed, let's do the same with `“` and `”`. (bonus point: it's easier to `Ctrl+F`)
Initially I was thinking that it would be beneficial to NOT rely on post-processing (i.e. when reading the `.md` in GitHub), however w/o a linter we'll keep adding `'` anyways. https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1356#discussion_r3033344881

[Use '](https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1341/commits/83498e856b74e65d83f194c7c284379fe5a453c2)
I'll do a find-replace-all in a separate PR. `[’“”]`

Author: https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1450
